Hi, Mia.
It’s nice to see you again.
As I mentioned last week,
I’m Kiara, and this is Anna.
The last time we spoke,
I left you with the question,
Why can we trust the Bible?
Right, I remember.
If the Bible is trustworthy,
then it should be in harmony
with established scientific facts, right?
Yeah, I can agree with that.
If you have just a minute,
I’d like to show you a brief video
that illustrates
the Bible’s scientific accuracy.
It’s called The Earth Hangs Upon Nothing.
OK.
During the time when the Bible was written,
many people had mistaken ideas
about the shape of the earth.
A theory written
after the Bible was completed
was that the universe
emerged from a cosmic egg
and that the earth
was supported by various creatures.
In contrast, about the year 1473 B.C.E.,
Moses wrote that the earth
is suspended “upon nothing.”
And around the year 732 B.C.E.,
the prophet Isaiah wrote
that the earth is a circle, or sphere.
These Bible writers contradicted ideas
that were popular at the time.
It was some 200 years after Isaiah’s day
that the Greek philosopher Pythagoras
may have proposed that the earth is a sphere.
And more than 3,000 years passed
from Moses’ writings
until scientists such as Isaac Newton
realized that the earth
seemed to hang upon nothing.
Now, keeping those points in mind,
let’s read what the Bible said
some 3,500 years ago.
Anna, would you please read for us Job 26:7?
It says: “He stretches out the northern sky
“over empty space,
suspending the earth upon nothing.”
Thank you so much.
Based off of what we learned in the video,
why do you think it’s surprising
that the Bible says
that the earth is suspended “upon nothing”?
Well, people didn’t believe that at the time.
Exactly.
That point always amazes me!
So if we can trust the Bible
in scientific matters,
in what other areas is the Bible trustworthy?
The video we showed you
is part of a free Bible study course
with the use of this brochure.
If you’ll read it,
I’d be happy to leave it with you.
And next time, we’ll discuss
some of the questions that the Bible answers.
They can be found in lesson 1.
OK, sure.
It sounds interesting.